KEP-2238 probe-level grace period changes for beta/1.22 (#28930)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/configure-liveness-readiness-startup-probes.md

### Probe-level `terminationGracePeriodSeconds`

{{< feature-state for_k8s_version="v1.22" state="beta" >}}

Prior to release 1.21, the pod-level `terminationGracePeriodSeconds` was used
for terminating a container that failed its liveness or startup probe. This
coupling was unintended and may have resulted in failed containers taking an
unusually long time to restart when a pod-level `terminationGracePeriodSeconds`
was set.

In 1.21 and beyond, when the feature flag `ProbeTerminationGracePeriod` is
enabled, users can specify a probe-level `terminationGracePeriodSeconds` as
part of the probe specification. When the feature flag is enabled, and both a
pod- and probe-level `terminationGracePeriodSeconds` are set, the kubelet will
use the probe-level value.

{{< note >}}
As of Kubernetes 1.22, the `ProbeTerminationGracePeriod` feature flag is only

> available on the API Server. The Kubelet will always honour the probe-level

Reviewer: ```suggestion
available on the API Server. The kubelet always honors the probe-level
```

Author: The :canada: in me is saddened :)

> `terminationGracePeriodSeconds` field if it is present on a pod. To disable the
> feature on existing pods, they must be deleted and recreated. So long as the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`terminationGracePeriodSeconds` field if it is present on a pod. If you have
existing Pods where the `terminationGracePeriodSeconds` field is set and
you want to switch to per-probe termination grace periods, you must delete
those existing Pods.

When you (or the control plane, or some other component) create replacement
Pods, and the feature flag `ProbeTerminationGracePeriod` is enabled, then the
API server ignores the Pod-level `terminationGracePeriodSeconds` field, even if
a Pod or pod template specifies it.

So long as the `ProbeTerminationGracePeriod`
```
?

Author: Taking this and rewording slightly.

> feature flag is off, the API Server will ignore the field on subsequent

Reviewer: Did you mean:
```suggestion
feature flag is enabled, the API Server will ignore the field on subsequent
```
?

Author: Should be disabled but gotcha

### Probe-level `terminationGracePeriodSeconds`

{{< feature-state for_k8s_version="v1.22" state="beta" >}}

Prior to release 1.21, the pod-level `terminationGracePeriodSeconds` was used
for terminating a container that failed its liveness or startup probe. This
coupling was unintended and may have resulted in failed containers taking an
unusually long time to restart when a pod-level `terminationGracePeriodSeconds`
was set.

> In 1.21 and beyond, when the feature flag `ProbeTerminationGracePeriod` is

Reviewer 2: Let's always call them 'feature gate'.

enabled, users can specify a probe-level `terminationGracePeriodSeconds` as

> part of the probe specification. When the feature flag is enabled, and both a

Reviewer 2: here too.

pod- and probe-level `terminationGracePeriodSeconds` are set, the kubelet will
use the probe-level value.

{{< note >}}
As of Kubernetes 1.22, the `ProbeTerminationGracePeriod` feature flag is only
available on the API Server. The kubelet always honors the probe-level
`terminationGracePeriodSeconds` field if it is present on a Pod.

If you have existing Pods where the `terminationGracePeriodSeconds` field is set and
you no longer wish to use per-probe termination grace periods, you must delete
those existing Pods.

When you (or the control plane, or some other component) create replacement

> Pods, and the feature flag `ProbeTerminationGracePeriod` is disabled, then the

Reviewer 2: here too
